# Internationalization (i18n) Example

Let's imagine you are building an application that supports multiple countries and languages. You want to manage your labels and messages in a way that's handy for developers and translators alike. In this example, we'll use the `config-layers` library to load and manage i18n configurations from JSON file.

A few assumptions:

1. You have plenty of countries: 
   3. Some have unique languages (like Japan) 
   2. Some of them share the same language (like Great Britain and Australia)
   4. Some countries support multiple languages (like Canada with English and French, or Switzerland with German, French, Italian and Romansh) 
   5. Some countries theoretically share the same language, but in practice they have different terminology (like US and UK English, cookies or biscuits?) 
   6. Some countries that share the same language have different formatting rules (like Germany and Switzerland)
   7. Some countries theoretically share the same language, but in fact their languages are very different (like China and Taiwan)
   8. US/EN is the most general language. It's a the last fallback, but before we use the developer-provided labels.
2. Developers use English, and prefer to stick to it instead of using cryptic names for labels
3. Labels are kept outside of your source code, instead you use something like Applanga
4. You are releasing labels for different environments and deploy them to a place that's easily reachable like S3 or over plain http

Out of these assumptions we take some conclusions:

1. Developers use systemic names like `faq.button.people-also-ask` and provide a default fallback text
2. English is the default fallback language
3. Translations are grouped by country and language, and inherit labels from others, so that translators can override only distinctive labels.
4. Interface for the label function must be plain and simple

The file [i18n.schema.json] specifies the localization format the labels [labels.json] will use. 
The file [i18n.test.ts] demonstrates a sample implementation leveraging the json file, and verifies the labels. 
